Copyright (C) 1985-2009 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

All rights reserved.

Export of this software from the United States of America may require
a specific license from the United States Government.  It is the
responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to
obtain such a license before exporting.

WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and
without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.  Furthermore if you modify this software you must label
your software as modified software and not distribute it in such a
fashion that it might be confused with the original MIT software.
M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of this software
for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied
warranty.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Individual source code files are copyright Regents of the University
of California and others.

Project Athena, Athena, Athena MUSE, Discuss, Hesiod, Kerberos, Moira,
and Zephyr are trademarks of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
(MIT).  No commercial use of these trademarks may be made without
prior written permission of MIT.

"Commercial use" means use of a name in a product or other for-profit
manner.  It does NOT prevent a commercial firm from referring to the
MIT trademarks in order to convey information (although in doing so,
recognition of their trademark status should be given).

                         --------------------

MIT Kerberos includes documentation and software developed at the
University of California at Berkeley, which includes this copyright
notice:

  Copyright (C) 1983 Regents of the University of California.
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
  are met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
     with the distribution.

  3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its
     contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
     from this software without specific prior written permission.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
  OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
  SUCH DAMAGE.

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thanks to the members of the Kerberos V5 development team at MIT, both
past and present: Danilo Almeida, Jeffrey Altman, Justin Anderson,
Richard Basch, Jay Berkenbilt, Mitch Berger, Andrew Boardman, Joe
Calzaretta, John Carr, Don Davis, Alexandra Ellwood, Nancy Gilman,
Matt Hancher, Sam Hartman, Paul Hill, Marc Horowitz, Eva Jacobus,
Miroslav Jurisic, Barry Jaspan, Geoffrey King, Kevin Koch, John Kohl,
Peter Litwack, Scott McGuire, Kevin Mitchell, Cliff Neuman, Paul Park,
Ezra Peisach, Chris Provenzano, Ken Raeburn, Jon Rochlis, Jeff
Schiller, Jen Selby, Robert Silk, Brad Thompson, Harry Tsai, Zhanna
Tsitkova, Ted Ts'o, Marshall Vale, Tom Yu.
