             Kerberos Version 5 Applications, Release 1.0

                            Release Notes
                        The MIT Kerberos Team

Introduction
------------

Please refer to the NOTICE file for copyright, license, and
acknowledgement information applying to this package.

This package contains Kerberized versions of telnet, rlogin, rsh, rcp,
and ftp clients and daemons, as well as a terminal login program which
can obtain Kerberos credentials when presented with the user's
password.

These programs are no longer in wide use, having been supplanted in
many environments by OpenSSH, but there is still some interest in
their continued maintenance.  These programs were included in the main
Kerberos 5 distribution through release 1.7, but are now packaged
separately.

Building and Installing
-----------------------

This package requires a krb5 installation.  If you are using your
operating system's krb5 installation, ensure that the appropriate
development package is installed--in particular, there should be a
program named "krb5-config" in your path.  In this case, you can build
the package with:

    ./configure
    make
    make install

If you are using your own build of Kerberos, you will have to tell
this package where it is:

    ./configure --with-krb5=/path/to/krb5
    make
    make install

You can supply either the krb5 installation's exec-prefix or the path
to the krb5-config program.  In either case, you can specify other
options to configure such as the installation prefix; for a list of
possibilities, run:

    ./configure --help

The daemons in this package are intended to run out of an inetd-like
system.  The presence and/or configuration syntax of this system will
vary according to your operating system.  If you are using a
traditional inetd daemon, the configuration in /etc/inetd.conf should
look like:

    klogin   stream  tcp  nowait  root  /usr/sbin/klogind  klogind -k -c
    eklogin  stream  tcp  nowait  root  /usr/sbin/klogind  klogind -k -c -e
    kshell   stream  tcp  nowait  root  /usr/sbin/kshd     kshd -k -c -A
    ftp      stream  tcp  nowait  root  /usr/sbin/ftpd     ftpd -a
    telnet   stream  tcp  nowait  root  /usr/sbin/telnetd  telnetd -a valid

with the pathname /usr adjusted to match your installation prefix (the
default is /usr/local).  The service names in the first column must be
present in /etc/services; if the Kerberos services are not present
there, add them as follows:

    klogin        543/tcp          # Kerberos authenticated rlogin
    kshell        544/tcp   cmd    # and remote shell
    eklogin       2105/tcp         # Kerberos auth. & encrypted rlogin

Reporting Bugs
--------------

Please report any problems/bugs/comments using the krb5-send-pr
program from your Kerberos 5 distribution, or by sending mail to
krb5-bugs@mit.edu.

You may view bug reports by visiting

http://krbdev.mit.edu/rt/

and logging in as "guest" with password "guest".
